This is the first of many lectures we will see on functions.
So far I have marked many topics as fundamental in this course.
While Functions is perhaps one of the most important things in this whole training, we have seen that
methods are functions.
But those functions were developed by the creators of Python and were incorporated by them into those
objects.
From this lecture on, what we are going to do is create our own functions.
That is to say we will be able to create our own methods and to design a repeatable code, which is
one of the most important tasks of a programmer.
Functions allow us to create blocks of code that can be easily executed many times and in different
contexts without the need to constantly rewrite the entire block.
This is a crucial point in learning as well.
Functions involve combining everything we have learned so far and making it work efficiently and effectively.
Many students are disappointed when they see that this doesn't come immediately to them or that it takes
time to learn and they often feel frustrated and overwhelmed.
I want you to not look at functions that way.
Seeing them as something that is beyond your reach is completely normal.
Are they challenging?
Yes.
Do you have to be an exceptional genius to understand them?
No, definitely not.
You just have to be patient to let something different, new and complex be assimilated little by little.
Federico and I will be with you every step of the way.
So I ask for your patience and to pay attention step by step.
If you find it as difficult, increase your practice time, ask questions, watch the videos again.
It's not bad if you look for additional help elsewhere as sometimes different ways of explaining help.
You understand the whole thing, the whole topic.
The best approach to this challenge is to think about the quantity and quality of skills you are going
to develop and how much they will enable your ability to think of your own projects and create them
in the near future.
So practice, patience, enthusiasm.
And here we go.